OSDOCS-12183: adding how to delete manifests (#83246)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_running_apps/microshift-deleting-resource-manifests.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-deleting-resource-manifests"]
= Deleting resource manifests
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
:context: microshift-deleting-resource-manifests

toc::[]

{microshift-short} supports the deletion of resource manifests for the following use cases:

> * Data removal - when you need to completely remove a resource from the cluster.
> * Upgrade - during an upgrade, some resources may need to be removed while others are retained to preserve data.

Reviewer: I would keep it close to manifest deletion, not venture into microshift's upgrade, or data removal

```suggestion
* Manifest removal - when you need to completely remove a resource from the cluster.
* Manifest upgrade - during an application's upgrade, some resources may need to be removed while others are retained to preserve data.
```

Author: done

> Deleting resource manifests manages the cluster resources efficiently by removing outdated objects while and retaining necessary data.

Reviewer: This sounds like this is used for stale object, but if someone would create new manifest, old object would live side by side - in case of Pods/Deployments/etc. they would still run potentially making problems

Author: done

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-deleting-resource-manifests"]
= Deleting resource manifests
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
:context: microshift-deleting-resource-manifests

toc::[]

> {microshift-short} supports the deletion of resource manifests for the following use cases:

Author: I think "Use cases" can be retained and not changed to "situations" as we are talking about the use cases through the docs.

> * Manifest removal - when you need to completely remove a resource from the cluster.

Author: done

> * Manifest upgrade - during an application upgrade, some resources may need to be removed while others are retained to preserve data.

Author: done

> when creating new manifests, you can use resource manifest deletion to remove or update old objects, ensuring there are no conflicts or issues.

Author: done

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Manifest files placed in the `delete` subdirectories are not automatically removed and require manual deletion.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand the note, because the procedures seem to be telling the user to put manifests into the delete subdirectories and then upon restart, they will automatically be deleted. Maybe I am misunderstanding something.

Author: meaning there are more steps involved in deleting the manifest file after they are placed in the delete subdirectory. for example see step 2,3 and 4 in the "Manifest removal scenario for RPM systems"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Manifest files placed in the `delete` subdirectories are not always automatically removed. In some cases the manifests require manual deletion, as described in the following sections. 
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-deleting-resource-manifests"]
= Deleting resource manifests
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
:context: microshift-deleting-resource-manifests

toc::[]

{microshift-short} supports the deletion of resource manifests in the following situations:

* Manifest removal: Manifests can be removed when you need to completely remove a resource from the cluster.
* Manifest upgrade: During an application upgrade, some resources might need to be removed while others are retained to preserve data.

When creating new manifests, you can use resource manifest deletion to remove or update old objects, ensuring there are no conflicts or issues.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Manifest files placed in the `delete` subdirectories are not automatically removed and require manual deletion.

Author: manifest files are never deleted automatically. So the sentence is correct.
